docs/solutions/integration-issues/sandbox-wsconnect-query-param-forwarding.md, before:

---
title: Cloudflare Sandbox wsConnect Does Not Forward URL Query Parameters
category: integration-issues
component: src/index.ts
symptoms:
  - WebSocket 1008 "Invalid or missing token"
  - Container logs show URL path without query parameters
  - HTTP endpoints work but WebSocket connections fail authentication
root_cause: Cloudflare Sandbox wsConnect() strips query parameters when proxying to container
date: 2026-02-09
severity: high
---

# Cloudflare Sandbox wsConnect Does Not Forward URL Query Parameters

## Problem

After deploying the moltworker, WebSocket connections to the OpenClaw gateway failed with 1008 "Invalid or missing token", despite the gateway being healthy and HTTP requests working correctly.

## Symptoms

1. WebSocket closes immediately with code 1008
2. Container logs show `[WS] URL: /` instead of `/?token=xxx`
3. HTTP `/api/status` works fine — only WebSocket affected
4. Gateway health check passes

## Root Cause

Cloudflare Sandbox's `wsConnect()` does NOT forward URL query parameters from the incoming request to the container. When calling:

```typescript
sandbox.wsConnect(request, MOLTBOT_PORT);
// request.url = "wss://domain.com/chat?token=xxx"
// Container receives: /chat (no ?token=xxx)
```

This differs from `containerFetch()` which does preserve query parameters.

## Solution

Construct an explicit localhost URL with all needed query parameters:

```typescript
const url = new URL(request.url);
const localUrl = new URL(
  url.pathname + url.search,
  `http://localhost:${MOLTBOT_PORT}`
);
if (!localUrl.searchParams.has('token')) {
  localUrl.searchParams.set('token', c.env.MOLTBOT_GATEWAY_TOKEN);
}
const wsRequest = new Request(localUrl.toString(), request);
const containerResponse = await sandbox.wsConnect(wsRequest, MOLTBOT_PORT);
```

## What Didn't Work

1. **Protocol-level token injection** — Intercepting WebSocket `connect` message and adding `token` field. Gateway rejected with "unexpected property 'token'" — it expects token in URL query, not message body.

2. **Passing original request URL** — `sandbox.wsConnect(request)` strips query params silently.

## Prevention

1. **Never assume query parameter forwarding** with `sandbox.wsConnect()` — always construct explicit localhost URLs
2. **Test auth flow end-to-end** after any WebSocket proxy changes
3. **Use localhost URLs** for container communication — more reliable with Sandbox APIs
4. **Log URLs at both Worker and container level** to verify params flow through

## Related

- `src/index.ts` — WebSocket proxy implementation
- `src/config.ts` — `MOLTBOT_PORT = 18789`
- `src/gateway/env.ts` — `MOLTBOT_GATEWAY_TOKEN` → `OPENCLAW_GATEWAY_TOKEN` mapping
- `docs/solutions/integration-issues/upstream-merge-cascading-deploy-failures.md` — Related WebSocket failures

Commit message:

docs: consolidate CLAUDE.md into AGENTS.md and add solution docs
Move project quick reference from CLAUDE.md into AGENTS.md. CLAUDE.md
now points to AGENTS.md. Add solution docs for Control UI WS auth,
upstream merge failures, and update wsConnect query param doc. Add
codebase map and deployment reset method.

docs/solutions/integration-issues/sandbox-wsconnect-query-param-forwarding.md, after:

---
title: Cloudflare Sandbox wsConnect Does Not Forward URL Query Parameters
category: integration-issues
component: src/index.ts
symptoms:
  - WebSocket 1008 "Invalid or missing token"
  - Container logs show URL path without query parameters
  - HTTP endpoints work but WebSocket connections fail authentication
root_cause: Cloudflare Sandbox wsConnect() strips query parameters when proxying to container
date: 2026-02-09
severity: high
---

# Cloudflare Sandbox wsConnect Does Not Forward URL Query Parameters

## Problem

After deploying the moltworker, WebSocket connections to the OpenClaw gateway failed with 1008 "Invalid or missing token", despite the gateway being healthy and HTTP requests working correctly.

Note: This document is specifically about **query parameter forwarding** through `sandbox.wsConnect()`.
Modern OpenClaw Control UI authentication is primarily driven by the **WebSocket `connect` frame**
(`params.auth.token`). See:
- `docs/solutions/integration-issues/control-ui-ws-auth-connect-frame-token-injection.md`

## Symptoms

1. WebSocket closes immediately with code 1008
2. Container logs show `[WS] URL: /` instead of `/?token=xxx`
3. HTTP `/api/status` works fine — only WebSocket affected
4. Gateway health check passes

## Root Cause

Cloudflare Sandbox's `wsConnect()` does NOT forward URL query parameters from the incoming request to the container. When calling:

```typescript
sandbox.wsConnect(request, MOLTBOT_PORT);
// request.url = "wss://domain.com/chat?token=xxx"
// Container receives: /chat (no ?token=xxx)
```

This differs from `containerFetch()` which does preserve query parameters.

## Update (2026-02-10): Control UI Token Is In The `connect` Frame

Newer OpenClaw Control UI builds send gateway auth inside the WebSocket `connect` request payload
(`params.auth.token`), not by appending `?token=` to the WebSocket URL. The `?token=` query param
still matters for *browser UX* (the UI reads `location.search` and stores the token), but a Worker
proxy that wants the UI to "just work" should inject `params.auth.token` server-side when it sees a
`connect` request.

This means:
- Fixing `wsConnect()` query param forwarding is still useful for other query-param-dependent flows.
- But it is not sufficient by itself to solve Control UI auth in modern OpenClaw versions.

## Solution

Construct an explicit localhost URL with all needed query parameters:

```typescript
const url = new URL(request.url);
const localUrl = new URL(
  url.pathname + url.search,
  `http://localhost:${MOLTBOT_PORT}`
);
if (!localUrl.searchParams.has('token')) {
  localUrl.searchParams.set('token', c.env.MOLTBOT_GATEWAY_TOKEN);
}
const wsRequest = new Request(localUrl.toString(), request);
const containerResponse = await sandbox.wsConnect(wsRequest, MOLTBOT_PORT);
```

## What Didn't Work

1. **Protocol-level token injection into the wrong field** — Adding `token` as an unexpected property
   (e.g., at the top-level, or as `params.token`) is rejected by the gateway. If you need the Control UI
   to authenticate without user input, the correct place is `params.auth.token` inside the `connect` request
   payload (see the Control UI auth solution doc).

2. **Passing original request URL** — `sandbox.wsConnect(request)` strips query params silently.

## Prevention

1. **Never assume query parameter forwarding** with `sandbox.wsConnect()` — always construct explicit localhost URLs
2. **Test auth flow end-to-end** after any WebSocket proxy changes
3. **Use localhost URLs** for container communication — more reliable with Sandbox APIs
4. **Log URLs at both Worker and container level** to verify params flow through

## Related

- `src/index.ts` — WebSocket proxy implementation
- `docs/solutions/integration-issues/control-ui-ws-auth-connect-frame-token-injection.md` — Control UI auth behind Worker
- `src/config.ts` — `MOLTBOT_PORT = 18789`
- `src/gateway/env.ts` — `MOLTBOT_GATEWAY_TOKEN` → `OPENCLAW_GATEWAY_TOKEN` mapping
- `docs/solutions/integration-issues/upstream-merge-cascading-deploy-failures.md` — Related WebSocket failures
