docs/DEPLOYMENT.md, before:

# Deployment & Restart Guide

This document explains how deploying and restarting works for moltworker, which uses Cloudflare Workers with Containers (Sandbox).

## Architecture Overview

```
┌─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┐
│                    Cloudflare Edge                          │
│  ┌─────────────────┐      ┌─────────────────────────────┐  │
│  │  Worker (JS)    │ ───► │  Container (Docker)         │  │
│  │                 │      │                             │  │
│  │  - Routes       │      │  - start-moltbot.sh         │  │
│  │  - Auth         │      │  - openclaw gateway         │  │
│  │  - Env vars     │      │  - Skills (scripts)         │  │
│  │  - buildEnvVars │      │  - CLI tools (gh, bw, etc)  │  │
│  └─────────────────┘      └─────────────────────────────┘  │
└─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┘
```

**Two separate components:**
1. **Worker** (`src/`) - JavaScript code running on Cloudflare edge
2. **Container** (`Dockerfile`) - Docker container running the bot

## What `npm run deploy` Does

```bash
npm run deploy
# Equivalent to: npm run build && wrangler deploy
```

### Step 1: Build Worker
Vite compiles TypeScript in `src/` to JavaScript bundles in `dist/`.

### Step 2: Upload Worker
Wrangler uploads the Worker code to Cloudflare.

### Step 3: Build Container Image
Docker builds the image from `Dockerfile`. Uses layer caching - unchanged layers are reused.

### Step 4: Push Container Image
If the image hash changed, it's pushed to Cloudflare's container registry.

### Step 5: Update Container Config
If a new image was pushed, Cloudflare updates the container configuration.

## When Does the Container Restart?

### Container WILL restart when:
- **New image hash** - Any change to Dockerfile or files COPYed into it
- **First request after deploy** - Container starts lazily on first request

### Container will NOT restart when:
- **Only Worker code changed** - Container keeps running with old image
- **Image hash unchanged** - Docker cache hit, same image reused

## Environment Variables Flow

```
Wrangler Secrets          Worker (env.ts)           Container
─────────────────    ───────────────────────    ─────────────────
OBSIDIAN_API_URL  →  buildEnvVars() adds it  →  process.env.OBSIDIAN_API_URL
OBSIDIAN_API_KEY  →  to container startup    →  process.env.OBSIDIAN_API_KEY
```

**Critical:** Secrets set via `wrangler secret put` are available in the Worker, but must be explicitly passed to the container in `src/gateway/env.ts`:

```typescript
// src/gateway/env.ts
export function buildEnvVars(env: MoltbotEnv): Record<string, string> {
  const envVars: Record<string, string> = {};

  // Must explicitly pass each env var to container
  if (env.OBSIDIAN_API_URL) envVars.OBSIDIAN_API_URL = env.OBSIDIAN_API_URL;
  if (env.OBSIDIAN_API_KEY) envVars.OBSIDIAN_API_KEY = env.OBSIDIAN_API_KEY;

  return envVars;
}
```

## What Persists in R2

When R2 is configured, the cron sync backs up and restores the following paths:

- `/root/.openclaw/` (includes `workspace/` for agent files like `memory/`, `TOOLS.md`, `tov/`)
- `/root/clawd/skills/`
- `/root/.wacli/` (WhatsApp session files, if present in R2)

Anything outside these paths is not persisted across container restarts.

## How to Force a Container Restart

### Method 1: Change CACHE_BUST (Recommended)

Edit `Dockerfile`:
```dockerfile
# Change this value to force rebuild
ARG CACHE_BUST=2026-02-03-v2  # Increment version
```

Then deploy:
```bash
npm run deploy
```

## Programmatic Gateway Restart

If you want to restart the gateway from automation (CI, cron, external scripts), you have two options:

1. Cloudflare Access service tokens (recommended if Access is enforced at the edge).
2. A worker-level bearer token via `ADMIN_API_TOKEN` (simpler, but only works if the request can reach the Worker).

### Option A: Worker-level bearer token (`ADMIN_API_TOKEN`)

1. Set the secret:
```bash
npx wrangler secret put ADMIN_API_TOKEN
```

2. Restart the gateway:
```bash
curl -X POST "https://your-worker.workers.dev/api/admin/gateway/restart" \
  -H "Authorization: Bearer $ADMIN_API_TOKEN"
```

### Option B: Cloudflare Access service token headers

If Cloudflare Access is configured to protect your Worker domain/path at the edge, requests may be blocked before they reach the Worker. In that case, use Access service tokens:
```bash
curl -X POST "https://your-worker.workers.dev/api/admin/gateway/restart" \
  -H "CF-Access-Client-Id: $CF_ACCESS_CLIENT_ID" \
  -H "CF-Access-Client-Secret: $CF_ACCESS_CLIENT_SECRET"
```

### Option C: Manually bypass Cloudflare Access for only the restart route

If you want `/api/admin/gateway/restart` to be reachable without Cloudflare Access (and rely on `ADMIN_API_TOKEN` in the Worker instead), create a dedicated Access application for that single path with a `bypass` policy.

1. Cloudflare Zero Trust dashboard: **Access** -> **Applications** -> **Add an application** -> **Self-hosted**.
2. Application domain: your worker host (example: `moltbot-sandbox.<subdomain>.workers.dev`).
3. Paths: add exactly `/api/admin/gateway/restart`.
4. Policies: add a policy with **Action** = `Bypass` and **Include** = `Everyone`.
5. Save.

Security note: if you bypass Access, the restart endpoint is protected only by `ADMIN_API_TOKEN`. Use a long random token and rotate it.

### Method 2: Touch a COPYed file

Any change to files that are COPYed into the container will invalidate the cache:
- `start-moltbot.sh`
- `moltbot.json.template`
- `skills/` directory

### Method 3: Modify Dockerfile

Any change to Dockerfile instructions after the cached layers.

## Verifying Deployment

### Check if container restarted

Look for these in deploy output:
```
# Container DID restart:
├ EDIT moltbot-sandbox-sandbox
│ -  "image": "...sandbox:OLD_HASH",
│ +  "image": "...sandbox:NEW_HASH",
│  SUCCESS  Modified application

# Container did NOT restart:
├ no changes moltbot-sandbox-sandbox
╰ No changes to be made
```

### Check logs for restart confirmation

```bash
npx wrangler tail --format json
```

Look for:
```json
{"message": "Runtime signalled the container to exit due to a new version rollout"}
{"message": "Durable Object reset because its code was updated"}
```

### Trigger container start

The container starts lazily. Make a request to trigger it:
```bash
curl https://moltbot-sandbox.shishirpai001.workers.dev/
```

## Common Scenarios

### Scenario 1: Added new wrangler secret

```bash
# 1. Set the secret
npx wrangler secret put NEW_SECRET

# 2. Add to types.ts
NEW_SECRET?: string;

# 3. Add to gateway/env.ts buildEnvVars()
if (env.NEW_SECRET) envVars.NEW_SECRET = env.NEW_SECRET;

# 4. Add to start-moltbot.sh if skill needs it
if [ -n "$NEW_SECRET" ]; then
    ENV_LINES="${ENV_LINES}NEW_SECRET=${NEW_SECRET}\n"
fi

# 5. Force container restart (change CACHE_BUST)
# 6. Deploy
npm run deploy
```

### Scenario 2: Updated skill scripts only

```bash
# Skills are in skills/ which is COPYed to container
# Any change will trigger new image

npm run deploy  # Will rebuild container
```

### Scenario 3: Changed Worker code only (no container changes)

```bash
npm run deploy
# Worker updates immediately
# Container keeps running (no restart needed if env passthrough unchanged)
```

### Scenario 4: Need container restart but no code changes

```bash
# Edit Dockerfile CACHE_BUST
sed -i 's/CACHE_BUST=.*/CACHE_BUST='$(date +%Y-%m-%d-%H%M)'/' Dockerfile
npm run deploy
```

## Troubleshooting

### Container not picking up new env vars

1. Verify secret is set: `npx wrangler secret list`
2. Check `src/gateway/env.ts` passes it to container
3. Check `src/types.ts` has the type definition
4. Force container restart with CACHE_BUST change

### Deploy says "no changes" but I changed code

- Worker code: Check `dist/` was rebuilt
- Container: The image hash is based on content, not timestamps

### Container keeps crashing

Check logs:
```bash
npx wrangler tail --format pretty
```

Common issues:
- Missing env vars
- Syntax errors in start-moltbot.sh
- Port conflicts (gateway must be on 18789)

## Debugging Container Startup Issues

### Container Cold Start Time

**The container takes 30-60 seconds to fully start.** This is normal for Cloudflare Sandbox containers.

During startup:
- `/api/status` returns `{"ok":false,"status":"starting"}`
- Requests to container ports return `Error proxying request to container: The container is not listening`
- After startup, `/api/status` returns `{"ok":true,"status":"running"}`

### Rapid Deployments Problem

**Symptom:** Container never starts, stays in "starting" state indefinitely.

**Cause:** Each `wrangler deploy` with a new container image:
1. Stops the old container
2. Pulls the new image
3. Starts a new container from scratch

If you deploy again before the container finishes starting (~60s), you interrupt the boot cycle and it never completes.

**Solution:**
- Wait at least 90 seconds between deployments that change the container
- If stuck, stop deploying and wait 2-3 minutes for the container to fully start
- Use `npx wrangler tail --format pretty` to monitor real-time logs

### The 90-Second Cooldown

The `/api/status` endpoint has a 90-second cooldown to prevent multiple gateway start attempts:

```typescript
const GATEWAY_START_COOLDOWN_MS = 90_000;
```

This cooldown is **in-memory** and resets when:
- The Worker's Durable Object restarts (happens on new container deploys)
- The Worker code is updated

**Debugging tip:** If the container seems stuck, the cooldown may be active. Wait for it to expire or trigger a fresh start by visiting the main site with authentication.

### Checking Container State

```bash
# Check if gateway port (18789) is responding
curl -s https://moltbot-sandbox.shishirpai001.workers.dev/api/status

# If voice-call plugin is enabled, check webhook port (3334)
curl -s -X POST https://moltbot-sandbox.shishirpai001.workers.dev/voice/webhook -d "test=1"

# Expected responses:
# - Gateway running: {"ok":true,"status":"running"}
# - Gateway starting: {"ok":false,"status":"starting"}
# - Voice webhook (no sig): "Unauthorized" (means plugin is running)
# - Container not ready: "Error proxying request to container..."
```

### Real-Time Log Monitoring

```bash
# Start tail in one terminal
npx wrangler tail --format pretty

# Make a request in another terminal
curl https://moltbot-sandbox.shishirpai001.workers.dev/api/status

# Look for:
# [status] Port up! status: 200          → Gateway running
# [status] Cooldown active, remaining: X → In cooldown period
# [status] Gateway not responding...     → Starting gateway
```

### Common Startup Failures

| Symptom | Likely Cause | Fix |
|---------|--------------|-----|
| Stays "starting" forever | Rapid redeployments | Stop deploying, wait 2-3 min |
| "Container not listening" | Gateway failed to start | Check `start-moltbot.sh` syntax |
| Immediate crash | Config parsing error | Validate JS in heredoc with `node --check` |
| Port 18789 not responding | Gateway error | Check wrangler tail for errors |

### R2 Config Backup Issues

The gateway syncs config to R2. Old backups can override fresh deployments.

**To force fresh config:**
```bash
# Delete the R2 backup before deploying
npx wrangler r2 object delete moltbot-sandbox-backup/openclaw/openclaw.json --remote
npx wrangler r2 object delete moltbot-sandbox-backup/.last-sync --remote

# Then deploy
npm run deploy
```

### Recovery Procedure

If the container is completely stuck:

1. **Stop making changes** - Let the current state settle
2. **Wait 2-3 minutes** - Allow any in-progress startup to complete
3. **Clear R2 backup** (if config issues):
   ```bash
   npx wrangler r2 object delete moltbot-sandbox-backup/openclaw/openclaw.json --remote
   ```
4. **Bump CACHE_BUST** and deploy once:
   ```bash
   # Increment version in Dockerfile
   npm run deploy
   ```
5. **Wait 90 seconds** - Don't make any more changes
6. **Verify with tail**:
   ```bash
   npx wrangler tail --format pretty
   # Then trigger a request
   ```

## Quick Reference

| Task | Command |
|------|---------|
| Deploy everything | `npm run deploy` |
| List secrets | `npx wrangler secret list` |
| Add secret | `npx wrangler secret put SECRET_NAME` |
| View logs | `npx wrangler tail --format pretty` |
| Force restart | Edit `CACHE_BUST` in Dockerfile, then deploy |
| Clear R2 config | `npx wrangler r2 object delete moltbot-sandbox-backup/openclaw/openclaw.json --remote` |
| Check container status | `curl https://moltbot-sandbox.shishirpai001.workers.dev/api/status` |

Commit message:

docs: consolidate CLAUDE.md into AGENTS.md and add solution docs
Move project quick reference from CLAUDE.md into AGENTS.md. CLAUDE.md
now points to AGENTS.md. Add solution docs for Control UI WS auth,
upstream merge failures, and update wsConnect query param doc. Add
codebase map and deployment reset method.

docs/DEPLOYMENT.md, after:

# Deployment & Restart Guide

This document explains how deploying and restarting works for moltworker, which uses Cloudflare Workers with Containers (Sandbox).

## Architecture Overview

```
┌─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┐
│                    Cloudflare Edge                          │
│  ┌─────────────────┐      ┌─────────────────────────────┐  │
│  │  Worker (JS)    │ ───► │  Container (Docker)         │  │
│  │                 │      │                             │  │
│  │  - Routes       │      │  - start-moltbot.sh         │  │
│  │  - Auth         │      │  - openclaw gateway         │  │
│  │  - Env vars     │      │  - Skills (scripts)         │  │
│  │  - buildEnvVars │      │  - CLI tools (gh, bw, etc)  │  │
│  └─────────────────┘      └─────────────────────────────┘  │
└─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┘
```

**Two separate components:**
1. **Worker** (`src/`) - JavaScript code running on Cloudflare edge
2. **Container** (`Dockerfile`) - Docker container running the bot

## What `npm run deploy` Does

```bash
npm run deploy
# Equivalent to: npm run build && wrangler deploy
```

### Step 1: Build Worker
Vite compiles TypeScript in `src/` to JavaScript bundles in `dist/`.

### Step 2: Upload Worker
Wrangler uploads the Worker code to Cloudflare.

### Step 3: Build Container Image
Docker builds the image from `Dockerfile`. Uses layer caching - unchanged layers are reused.

### Step 4: Push Container Image
If the image hash changed, it's pushed to Cloudflare's container registry.

### Step 5: Update Container Config
If a new image was pushed, Cloudflare updates the container configuration.

## When Does the Container Restart?

### Container WILL restart when:
- **New image hash** - Any change to Dockerfile or files COPYed into it
- **First request after deploy** - Container starts lazily on first request

### Container will NOT restart when:
- **Only Worker code changed** - Container keeps running with old image
- **Image hash unchanged** - Docker cache hit, same image reused

## Environment Variables Flow

```
Wrangler Secrets          Worker (env.ts)           Container
─────────────────    ───────────────────────    ─────────────────
OBSIDIAN_API_URL  →  buildEnvVars() adds it  →  process.env.OBSIDIAN_API_URL
OBSIDIAN_API_KEY  →  to container startup    →  process.env.OBSIDIAN_API_KEY
```

**Critical:** Secrets set via `wrangler secret put` are available in the Worker, but must be explicitly passed to the container in `src/gateway/env.ts`:

```typescript
// src/gateway/env.ts
export function buildEnvVars(env: MoltbotEnv): Record<string, string> {
  const envVars: Record<string, string> = {};

  // Must explicitly pass each env var to container
  if (env.OBSIDIAN_API_URL) envVars.OBSIDIAN_API_URL = env.OBSIDIAN_API_URL;
  if (env.OBSIDIAN_API_KEY) envVars.OBSIDIAN_API_KEY = env.OBSIDIAN_API_KEY;

  return envVars;
}
```

## What Persists in R2

When R2 is configured, the cron sync backs up and restores the following paths:

- `/root/.openclaw/` (includes `workspace/` for agent files like `memory/`, `TOOLS.md`, `tov/`)
- `/root/clawd/skills/`
- `/root/.wacli/` (WhatsApp session files, if present in R2)

Anything outside these paths is not persisted across container restarts.

## How to Force a Container Restart

### Method 0: `/api/status` Reset (Fastest)

The Worker exposes a public reset mechanism on the status endpoint:

```bash
curl "https://your-worker.workers.dev/api/status?reset=<MOLTBOT_GATEWAY_TOKEN>"
```

This destroys the Sandbox container. The next request will create a fresh container with the latest image.

Then poll until it reports running:

```bash
curl "https://your-worker.workers.dev/api/status"
```

Security note: the reset token is the same value as `MOLTBOT_GATEWAY_TOKEN`. Treat it as sensitive.

### Method 1: Change CACHE_BUST (Recommended)

Edit `Dockerfile`:
```dockerfile
# Change this value to force rebuild
ARG CACHE_BUST=2026-02-03-v2  # Increment version
```

Then deploy:
```bash
npm run deploy
```

## Programmatic Gateway Restart

If you want to restart the gateway from automation (CI, cron, external scripts), you have two options:

1. Cloudflare Access service tokens (recommended if Access is enforced at the edge).
2. A worker-level bearer token via `ADMIN_API_TOKEN` (simpler, but only works if the request can reach the Worker).

### Option A: Worker-level bearer token (`ADMIN_API_TOKEN`)

1. Set the secret:
```bash
npx wrangler secret put ADMIN_API_TOKEN
```

2. Restart the gateway:
```bash
curl -X POST "https://your-worker.workers.dev/api/admin/gateway/restart" \
  -H "Authorization: Bearer $ADMIN_API_TOKEN"
```

### Option B: Cloudflare Access service token headers

If Cloudflare Access is configured to protect your Worker domain/path at the edge, requests may be blocked before they reach the Worker. In that case, use Access service tokens:
```bash
curl -X POST "https://your-worker.workers.dev/api/admin/gateway/restart" \
  -H "CF-Access-Client-Id: $CF_ACCESS_CLIENT_ID" \
  -H "CF-Access-Client-Secret: $CF_ACCESS_CLIENT_SECRET"
```

### Option C: Manually bypass Cloudflare Access for only the restart route

If you want `/api/admin/gateway/restart` to be reachable without Cloudflare Access (and rely on `ADMIN_API_TOKEN` in the Worker instead), create a dedicated Access application for that single path with a `bypass` policy.

1. Cloudflare Zero Trust dashboard: **Access** -> **Applications** -> **Add an application** -> **Self-hosted**.
2. Application domain: your worker host (example: `moltbot-sandbox.<subdomain>.workers.dev`).
3. Paths: add exactly `/api/admin/gateway/restart`.
4. Policies: add a policy with **Action** = `Bypass` and **Include** = `Everyone`.
5. Save.

Security note: if you bypass Access, the restart endpoint is protected only by `ADMIN_API_TOKEN`. Use a long random token and rotate it.

### Method 2: Touch a COPYed file

Any change to files that are COPYed into the container will invalidate the cache:
- `start-moltbot.sh`
- `moltbot.json.template`
- `skills/` directory

### Method 3: Modify Dockerfile

Any change to Dockerfile instructions after the cached layers.

## Verifying Deployment

### Check if container restarted

Look for these in deploy output:
```
# Container DID restart:
├ EDIT moltbot-sandbox-sandbox
│ -  "image": "...sandbox:OLD_HASH",
│ +  "image": "...sandbox:NEW_HASH",
│  SUCCESS  Modified application

# Container did NOT restart:
├ no changes moltbot-sandbox-sandbox
╰ No changes to be made
```

### Check logs for restart confirmation

```bash
npx wrangler tail --format json
```

Look for:
```json
{"message": "Runtime signalled the container to exit due to a new version rollout"}
{"message": "Durable Object reset because its code was updated"}
```

### Trigger container start

The container starts lazily. Make a request to trigger it:
```bash
curl https://moltbot-sandbox.shishirpai001.workers.dev/
```

## Common Scenarios

### Scenario 1: Added new wrangler secret

```bash
# 1. Set the secret
npx wrangler secret put NEW_SECRET

# 2. Add to types.ts
NEW_SECRET?: string;

# 3. Add to gateway/env.ts buildEnvVars()
if (env.NEW_SECRET) envVars.NEW_SECRET = env.NEW_SECRET;

# 4. Add to start-moltbot.sh if skill needs it
if [ -n "$NEW_SECRET" ]; then
    ENV_LINES="${ENV_LINES}NEW_SECRET=${NEW_SECRET}\n"
fi

# 5. Force container restart (change CACHE_BUST)
# 6. Deploy
npm run deploy
```

### Scenario 2: Updated skill scripts only

```bash
# Skills are in skills/ which is COPYed to container
# Any change will trigger new image

npm run deploy  # Will rebuild container
```

### Scenario 3: Changed Worker code only (no container changes)

```bash
npm run deploy
# Worker updates immediately
# Container keeps running (no restart needed if env passthrough unchanged)
```

### Scenario 4: Need container restart but no code changes

```bash
# Edit Dockerfile CACHE_BUST
sed -i 's/CACHE_BUST=.*/CACHE_BUST='$(date +%Y-%m-%d-%H%M)'/' Dockerfile
npm run deploy
```

## Troubleshooting

### Container not picking up new env vars

1. Verify secret is set: `npx wrangler secret list`
2. Check `src/gateway/env.ts` passes it to container
3. Check `src/types.ts` has the type definition
4. Force container restart with CACHE_BUST change

### Deploy says "no changes" but I changed code

- Worker code: Check `dist/` was rebuilt
- Container: The image hash is based on content, not timestamps

### Container keeps crashing

Check logs:
```bash
npx wrangler tail --format pretty
```

Common issues:
- Missing env vars
- Syntax errors in start-moltbot.sh
- Port conflicts (gateway must be on 18789)

## Debugging Container Startup Issues

### Container Cold Start Time

**The container takes 30-60 seconds to fully start.** This is normal for Cloudflare Sandbox containers.

During startup:
- `/api/status` returns `{"ok":false,"status":"starting"}`
- Requests to container ports return `Error proxying request to container: The container is not listening`
- After startup, `/api/status` returns `{"ok":true,"status":"running"}`

### Rapid Deployments Problem

**Symptom:** Container never starts, stays in "starting" state indefinitely.

**Cause:** Each `wrangler deploy` with a new container image:
1. Stops the old container
2. Pulls the new image
3. Starts a new container from scratch

If you deploy again before the container finishes starting (~60s), you interrupt the boot cycle and it never completes.

**Solution:**
- Wait at least 90 seconds between deployments that change the container
- If stuck, stop deploying and wait 2-3 minutes for the container to fully start
- Use `npx wrangler tail --format pretty` to monitor real-time logs

### The 90-Second Cooldown

The `/api/status` endpoint has a 90-second cooldown to prevent multiple gateway start attempts:

```typescript
const GATEWAY_START_COOLDOWN_MS = 90_000;
```

This cooldown is **in-memory** and resets when:
- The Worker's Durable Object restarts (happens on new container deploys)
- The Worker code is updated

**Debugging tip:** If the container seems stuck, the cooldown may be active. Wait for it to expire or trigger a fresh start by visiting the main site with authentication.

### Checking Container State

```bash
# Check if gateway port (18789) is responding
curl -s https://moltbot-sandbox.shishirpai001.workers.dev/api/status

# If voice-call plugin is enabled, check webhook port (3334)
curl -s -X POST https://moltbot-sandbox.shishirpai001.workers.dev/voice/webhook -d "test=1"

# Expected responses:
# - Gateway running: {"ok":true,"status":"running"}
# - Gateway starting: {"ok":false,"status":"starting"}
# - Voice webhook (no sig): "Unauthorized" (means plugin is running)
# - Container not ready: "Error proxying request to container..."
```

### Real-Time Log Monitoring

```bash
# Start tail in one terminal
npx wrangler tail --format pretty

# Make a request in another terminal
curl https://moltbot-sandbox.shishirpai001.workers.dev/api/status

# Look for:
# [status] Port up! status: 200          → Gateway running
# [status] Cooldown active, remaining: X → In cooldown period
# [status] Gateway not responding...     → Starting gateway
```

### Common Startup Failures

| Symptom | Likely Cause | Fix |
|---------|--------------|-----|
| Stays "starting" forever | Rapid redeployments | Stop deploying, wait 2-3 min |
| "Container not listening" | Gateway failed to start | Check `start-moltbot.sh` syntax |
| Immediate crash | Config parsing error | Validate JS in heredoc with `node --check` |
| Port 18789 not responding | Gateway error | Check wrangler tail for errors |

### R2 Config Backup Issues

The gateway syncs config to R2. Old backups can override fresh deployments.

**To force fresh config:**
```bash
# Delete the R2 backup before deploying
npx wrangler r2 object delete moltbot-sandbox-backup/openclaw/openclaw.json --remote
npx wrangler r2 object delete moltbot-sandbox-backup/.last-sync --remote

# Then deploy
npm run deploy
```

### Recovery Procedure

If the container is completely stuck:

1. **Stop making changes** - Let the current state settle
2. **Wait 2-3 minutes** - Allow any in-progress startup to complete
3. **Clear R2 backup** (if config issues):
   ```bash
   npx wrangler r2 object delete moltbot-sandbox-backup/openclaw/openclaw.json --remote
   ```
4. **Bump CACHE_BUST** and deploy once:
   ```bash
   # Increment version in Dockerfile
   npm run deploy
   ```
5. **Wait 90 seconds** - Don't make any more changes
6. **Verify with tail**:
   ```bash
   npx wrangler tail --format pretty
   # Then trigger a request
   ```

## Quick Reference

| Task | Command |
|------|---------|
| Deploy everything | `npm run deploy` |
| List secrets | `npx wrangler secret list` |
| Add secret | `npx wrangler secret put SECRET_NAME` |
| View logs | `npx wrangler tail --format pretty` |
| Force restart | Edit `CACHE_BUST` in Dockerfile, then deploy |
| Clear R2 config | `npx wrangler r2 object delete moltbot-sandbox-backup/openclaw/openclaw.json --remote` |
| Check container status | `curl https://moltbot-sandbox.shishirpai001.workers.dev/api/status` |
